# MonoSoil
    Monosoil is a virtual board game inspired by the well-known game Monopoly. Players compete with each other by answering questions related to the basic concepts of soil mechanics. The questions cover a wide range of topics, from theoretical concepts to laboratory tests. The game has been developed via MATLAB GUI, allowing players to experience an interactive learning session. The game aims to familiarize senior civil engineering students with soil mechanics by introducing the essentials of the field while enjoying the competition. The entertaining features such as the bonuses and penalties of the regular board games are embedded into the game to preserve players’ attention throughout the game. The game constitutes supplementary materials for educational institutions to utilize digital sources during the COVID 19 pandemic. The game offers a fun way to learn soil mechanics concepts for students. Questions can be easily updated without manipulating the codes. In this way, a flexible and adjustable teaching experience is offered to educational professionals. Therefore, the game can be adapted to any undergraduate or graduate geotechnical engineering course.
## Instructions
    - Run the Monosoil.m file
    - The code is written in MATLAB 2018a. Therefore, error messages may arise when the code is run in other versions.
    - Depending on your screen size, the game interface may not open properly. To fix it, right click on the "figure.m" file and select "open in guide" to open it. Then you can adjust the location and size of the buttons. 
    - Read the paper in "Monosoil_GeoCongress_2022.pdf" to learn how to play. 
    - You can modify the excel files to add more questions to the game. But make sure that you do not change the name of the excel files and the headers in the tables. 